EBcL SDK setup customization clone multiple app/images (#120)
Elektrobit/ebcl_template: docs/intro/setup.md

If you don’t want to use VS Code, or you want to integrate the EBcL SDK in your CI workflows, you can use the dev container stand-alone.
For more details on how to do this, take a look at [dev container](https://github.com/Elektrobit/ebcl_dev_container).

### EBcL SDK setup custimisation

> When the workspace container is initialized environment  ~/.ebcl_config/.env from your host will be sourced. You can specifiy environment Variables there to customize the setup of the EBcL SDK. Among those are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the workspace container is initialized the file ~/.ebcl_config/.env from your host will be sourced.
You can specify environment variables to customize the setup of the EBcL SDK.
Some of the available environment variables for this customization include:
```
